Another busy day:
My daughter is going to preach,
I’m off to work,
and it’s Family Worship night.
Bye, Dad.
Have a good day, Sweetie.
All right, listen up!
I’ve got an announcement for everybody.
Starting this Monday . . .
What?
More required overtime?
OK, that’s it.
That’s all I’ve got.
Let’s get back to work!
It’s extra money.
But how can I do it and  take care of Regina?
. . . to your local channel 17,
where news comes first.
Dad, isn’t it Family Worship night?
. . . to affect millions
as economies are . . .
Maybe a little later, Sweetie.
. . . the worst financial crisis in decades.
Violence and looting continue . . .
I wanted to, but I was spent
—again.
Violence and looting continue
despite curfews . . .
The world is such a mess.
It’s everything Jesus said it would be.
She’s so good
—spiritually-minded like her mother was.
Can I expect she’ll stay that way on her own?
. . . rise in the wake
of a massive earthquake
with a magnitude of 8.1, which struck . . .
Leaders from around the world
have come together
and made notable statements
on social media today
expressing confidence.
One leader posted:
“Finally, we are seeing global coordination
“that gives us a hope of a secure future.
We have a unique opportunity
to end armed conflict.”
. . . unrest sweeping across the country.
Sadly, our community has been affected
by a soar in gun violence.
As of right now, . . .
If it is just like Noah’s day,
I need to show faith like he did.
. . . are dead,
including a 17-year-old teenager.
Let’s do our family worship.
OK.
I need to show faith in Jehovah
and work hard to save my family.